README.md, before:

# onCrash = "Reboot();"

This is the configuration files and articles of my blog [onCrash="Reboot();"](http://oncrashreboot.com/).

It is build and published with [Pelican](http://docs.getpelican.com/), and hosted by [GitHub Pages](http://pages.github.com/). Generated output goes into a git repository- [talha131/talha131.github.io](https://github.com/talha131/talha131.github.io#talha131githubio), which is `output` submodule in this repository.

# License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en_US"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/3.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">onCrash="Reboot();"</span> by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="http://oncrashreboot.com" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">Talha Mansoor</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en_US">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License</a>.

Commit message:

Update some links to documentation website (#38)

README.md, after:

# Pelican-Elegant documentation

This repo stores in `content/` the sources for documentation for Pelican-Elegant theme.

It is build and published with [Pelican](http://docs.getpelican.com/), and hosted by [GitHub Pages](http://pages.github.com/). Generated output goes into a git repository- [Pelican-Elegant.github.io](https://github.com/Pelican-Elegant/pelican-elegant.github.io) and rendered page (that serves as live demo), goes to <https://pelican-elegant.github.io>

# License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en_US"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/3.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">onCrash="Reboot();"</span> by <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="http://oncrashreboot.com" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">Talha Mansoor</a> is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/deed.en_US">Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License</a>.
