THANKS.md, before:

Thanks to
=========

**Special Thanks** to [calfzhou](https://github.com/calfzhou) and
[tshepang](https://github.com/tshepang). They are always the first to report
issues, suggest improvements and submit patches. They have played a huge role
in making Elegant more elegant.

[7rack](https://github.com/7rack)
---------------------------------

1. He reported an
   [issue](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/118) with meta
   tags which happens when article summary is auto-generated by Pelican

[Alexis Métaireau](https://github.com/ametaireau)
-------------------------------------------------

1. He [helped](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/81) in
   resolving a performance issue

[andreburgaud](https://github.com/andreburgaud)
-----------------------------------------------

1. He reported, investigated and submitted a
   [patch](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/110) for an issue
   in the navbar

[Andre](https://github.com/andreburgaud)
----------------------------------------

1. He [reported and submitted a
   patch](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/108) to fix a bug
   in 404.html

[brechtm](https://github.com/brechtm)
-------------------------------------

1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/40) the idea
   of `custom.css`

[Brian Blais](http://web.bryant.edu/~bblais/)
---------------------------------------------

1. He suggested via email a solution to the
   [problem](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/98) of social
   profiles whose icons are missing

[Brian Levin](https://github.com/bnice5000)
-------------------------------------------

1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/115) and
   [fixed](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/117) an issue in
   search code

[calfzhou](https://github.com/calfzhou)
---------------------------------------

1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/86) and
   [fixed](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/109) an issue with
   the footer
1. He
   [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/commit/7b484dd611c2d05bc3b3249a756d1e076bfd0a1b#commitcomment-5149343)
   an issue with code style
1. He
   [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/95#issuecomment-33189738)
   an issue with code style
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/95)
   integration with `multi_part` plugin
1. He
   [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/95#issuecomment-33091647)
   setting title attribute in HTML anchor elements of `multi_part` code
1. He
   [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/95#issuecomment-41050831)
   a solution to set title of `multi_part` widget in the sidebar
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/15) a bug
   in social media optimizer code
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/60) using
   `_includes` folder
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/63)
   comments for Page template
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/72) an
   issue with image margins
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/73) to
   close an issue regarding changing 3rd parties' code
1. He submitted a [pull
   request](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/66) to fix URL
   scheme of categories and tags
1. He submitted a [pull
   request](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/65) to fix URL
   scheme
1. He submitted a [pull
   request](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/62) to fix a typo
   in CSS
1. He reported an
   [issue](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/64) in alignment
   of All Posts
1. He gave [suggestions](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/59)
   on improving Archive, Tags, Categories and Home Page
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/58) that
   line numbers in code block to do not always get displayed correctly
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/58) that
   line numbers do not align vertically with code blocks
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/58) fixed
   width for line number column
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/87)
   article translation feature
1. He submitted a [pull
   request](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/88) to fix a
   rendering issue in Internet Explorer
1. He [fixed](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/119) and pointed
   out HTML is not properly escaped
1. He
   [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/commit/e479ce72db916e7e21bc6ae63677221c8e290840#commitcomment-6284503)
   that it is incorrect to rename `SITESUBTITLE` to `SITE_SUBTITLE`

[debiatan](https://github.com/debiatan)
---------------------------------------

1. He [submitted patch](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/105)
   to upgrade to Bootstrap 2.3.2

[if1live](https://github.com/if1live)
-------------------------------------

1. His [pull request](https://github.com/getpelican/pelican-plugins/pull/68)
   reminded me that I have forgotten to add template for Pages
1. His
   [commit](https://github.com/if1live/pelican-elegant/commit/3da52903e94051fa771212149a10a271adc78264#commitcomment-3988674)
   in the fork brought bug in the path of search.html to my notice

[Jed Brown](https://github.com/jedbrown)
----------------------------------------

1. He suggested via email integration with Latex

[Jérémie Astori](https://github.com/astorije)
---------------------------------------------

1. He reported a [bug](https://botbot.me/freenode/pelican/msg/5577967/) in
   search form

[John](http://twitter.com/BostonEnginerd)
-----------------------------------------

1. He suggested [an
   improvement](https://twitter.com/BostonEnginerd/status/374555593589002241)
   to the [Elegant project
   description](http://oncrashreboot.com/pelican-elegant)

[kafran](https://github.com/kafran)
-----------------------------------

1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/76) a
   missing `</header>` tag

[Melissa](https://github.com/meli-lewis)
----------------------------------------

1. She reported a [critical
   bug](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/1) about
   `RECENT_ARTICLES_COUNT`

[Rod Morehead](https://github.com/rmorehead)
--------------------------------------------

1. He submitted a [patch](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/106)

[silverhook](https://github.com/silverhook)
-------------------------------------------

1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/98) a
   solution to the problem of social profiles whose icons are missing
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/101)
   adding support for related articles plugin
1. He [helped](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/102) in
   fixing justification of timestamps issue
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/116) a bug
   in social profiles widget
1. He
   [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/95#issuecomment-38347811)
   to make label of multi-part plugin customisable
1. He
   [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/95#issuecomment-41032225)
   a solution to set title of `multi_part` widget in the sidebar

[tshepang](https://github.com/tshepang)
---------------------------------------

1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/81) an
   issue with Elegant's performance
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/80) an
   issue with fall back fonts
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/75) an
   issue with page headers
1. He
   [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/34#issuecomment-28151235)
   a regression bug introduced in tags list
1. He gave [suggestions](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/59)
   on improving Archive, Tags, Categories and Home Page
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/50) an
   issue with CSS style of nested lists
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/10) an
   issue with CSS style of links in an unordered lists
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/34) that
   articles list in tags page is not sorted at all. He helped a lot to
   reproduce the issue and stayed persistent to get it fixed
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/6) that it
   is not possible to link to a Disqus comment
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/8) that
   code block auto wraps to next line
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/5)
   hyperlink style compatibility issue on Chrome
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/3) an issue
   with link style
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/4) the bug
   that Disqus comment count is always zero
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/7) that
   comments accordion should have different text depending on its state
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/107) an
   issue when publishing the site

[yuex 悟道洞穴人](https://github.com/yuex)
-------------------------------

1. He submitted a [patch](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/2)
   to the project

3rd Party Credits
=================

Elegant is standing on the shoulders of these giants.

1. [Tipue Search](http://www.tipue.com/search/)
1. [Bootstrap 2.3.2](http://getbootstrap.com/2.3.2/)
1. [Solarized Light theme](http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized) converted to
   [Pelican Pygments](https://github.com/yuex/pelican-pygments-solarized-css)
   by [yuex 悟道洞穴人](https://github.com/yuex)

Commit message:

Clarify license (#181)
* Change license text to be SPDX and REUSE conformant

ref:

- <https://reuse.software/practices/2.0/>
- <https://spdx.org/>

* Fixed link to Google HTML/CSS style guide

* New intro, reorganise screenshots

* Add Kate swap file to gitignore

* Clarify documentation status

* Updated basic contribution policy

- to match the license
- to match the new repositories
- some basic rewording to make it clearer

* Fix missing parts of licensing sentence

* Removed Talha Mansoor’s name from the footer

as agreed by Talha Mansoor in <https://github.com/Pelican-Elegant/pelican-elegant/issues/175>
and <https://github.com/Pelican-Elegant/pelican-elegant/issues/173#issuecomment-440740035>

* Add AUTHORS

* Fix typo in AUTHORS

THANKS.md, after:

Thanks to
=========

**Extra Special Thanks** to [talha131](https://github.com/talha131) for creating this theme and for being the sole maintainer and main developer of Elegant for so many years, and later opening up the development to a community-led effort, enabling the theme and its community to grow.

**Special Thanks** to [calfzhou](https://github.com/calfzhou) and
[tshepang](https://github.com/tshepang). They are always the first to report
issues, suggest improvements and submit patches. They have played a huge role
in making Elegant more elegant.

[7rack](https://github.com/7rack)
---------------------------------

1. He reported an
   [issue](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/118) with meta
   tags which happens when article summary is auto-generated by Pelican

[Alexis Métaireau](https://github.com/ametaireau)
-------------------------------------------------

1. He [helped](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/81) in
   resolving a performance issue

[andreburgaud](https://github.com/andreburgaud)
-----------------------------------------------

1. He reported, investigated and submitted a
   [patch](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/110) for an issue
   in the navbar
1. He [reported and submitted a patch](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/108) to fix a bug in 404.html

[brechtm](https://github.com/brechtm)
-------------------------------------

1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/40) the idea
   of `custom.css`

[Brian Blais](http://web.bryant.edu/~bblais/)
---------------------------------------------

1. He suggested via email a solution to the
   [problem](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/98) of social
   profiles whose icons are missing

[Brian Levin](https://github.com/bnice5000)
-------------------------------------------

1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/115) and
   [fixed](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/117) an issue in
   search code

[calfzhou](https://github.com/calfzhou)
---------------------------------------

1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/86) and
   [fixed](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/109) an issue with
   the footer
1. He
   [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/commit/7b484dd611c2d05bc3b3249a756d1e076bfd0a1b#commitcomment-5149343)
   an issue with code style
1. He
   [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/95#issuecomment-33189738)
   an issue with code style
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/95)
   integration with `multi_part` plugin
1. He
   [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/95#issuecomment-33091647)
   setting title attribute in HTML anchor elements of `multi_part` code
1. He
   [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/95#issuecomment-41050831)
   a solution to set title of `multi_part` widget in the sidebar
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/15) a bug
   in social media optimizer code
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/60) using
   `_includes` folder
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/63)
   comments for Page template
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/72) an
   issue with image margins
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/73) to
   close an issue regarding changing 3rd parties' code
1. He submitted a [pull
   request](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/66) to fix URL
   scheme of categories and tags
1. He submitted a [pull
   request](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/65) to fix URL
   scheme
1. He submitted a [pull
   request](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/62) to fix a typo
   in CSS
1. He reported an
   [issue](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/64) in alignment
   of All Posts
1. He gave [suggestions](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/59)
   on improving Archive, Tags, Categories and Home Page
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/58) that
   line numbers in code block to do not always get displayed correctly
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/58) that
   line numbers do not align vertically with code blocks
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/58) fixed
   width for line number column
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/87)
   article translation feature
1. He submitted a [pull
   request](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/88) to fix a
   rendering issue in Internet Explorer
1. He [fixed](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/119) and pointed
   out HTML is not properly escaped
1. He
   [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/commit/e479ce72db916e7e21bc6ae63677221c8e290840#commitcomment-6284503)
   that it is incorrect to rename `SITESUBTITLE` to `SITE_SUBTITLE`

[debiatan](https://github.com/debiatan)
---------------------------------------

1. He [submitted patch](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/105)
   to upgrade to Bootstrap 2.3.2

[if1live](https://github.com/if1live)
-------------------------------------

1. His [pull request](https://github.com/getpelican/pelican-plugins/pull/68)
   reminded me that I have forgotten to add template for Pages
1. His
   [commit](https://github.com/if1live/pelican-elegant/commit/3da52903e94051fa771212149a10a271adc78264#commitcomment-3988674)
   in the fork brought bug in the path of search.html to my notice

[Jed Brown](https://github.com/jedbrown)
----------------------------------------

1. He suggested via email integration with Latex

[Jérémie Astori](https://github.com/astorije)
---------------------------------------------

1. He reported a [bug](https://botbot.me/freenode/pelican/msg/5577967/) in
   search form

[John](http://twitter.com/BostonEnginerd)
-----------------------------------------

1. He suggested [an
   improvement](https://twitter.com/BostonEnginerd/status/374555593589002241)
   to the [Elegant project
   description](http://oncrashreboot.com/pelican-elegant)

[kafran](https://github.com/kafran)
-----------------------------------

1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/76) a
   missing `</header>` tag

[Melissa](https://github.com/meli-lewis)
----------------------------------------

1. She reported a [critical
   bug](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/1) about
   `RECENT_ARTICLES_COUNT`

[Rod Morehead](https://github.com/rmorehead)
--------------------------------------------

1. He submitted a [patch](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/106)

[silverhook](https://github.com/silverhook)
-------------------------------------------

1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/98) a
   solution to the problem of social profiles whose icons are missing
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/101)
   adding support for related articles plugin
1. He [helped](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/102) in
   fixing justification of timestamps issue
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/116) a bug
   in social profiles widget
1. He
   [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/95#issuecomment-38347811)
   to make label of multi-part plugin customisable
1. He
   [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/95#issuecomment-41032225)
   a solution to set title of `multi_part` widget in the sidebar

[tshepang](https://github.com/tshepang)
---------------------------------------

1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/81) an
   issue with Elegant's performance
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/80) an
   issue with fall back fonts
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/75) an
   issue with page headers
1. He
   [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/34#issuecomment-28151235)
   a regression bug introduced in tags list
1. He gave [suggestions](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/59)
   on improving Archive, Tags, Categories and Home Page
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/50) an
   issue with CSS style of nested lists
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/10) an
   issue with CSS style of links in an unordered lists
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/34) that
   articles list in tags page is not sorted at all. He helped a lot to
   reproduce the issue and stayed persistent to get it fixed
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/6) that it
   is not possible to link to a Disqus comment
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/8) that
   code block auto wraps to next line
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/5)
   hyperlink style compatibility issue on Chrome
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/3) an issue
   with link style
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/4) the bug
   that Disqus comment count is always zero
1. He [suggested](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/7) that
   comments accordion should have different text depending on its state
1. He [reported](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/issues/107) an
   issue when publishing the site

[yuex 悟道洞穴人](https://github.com/yuex)
-------------------------------

1. He submitted a [patch](https://github.com/talha131/pelican-elegant/pull/2)
   to the project

3rd Party Credits
=================

Elegant is standing on the shoulders of these giants.

1. [Tipue Search](http://www.tipue.com/search/)
1. [Bootstrap 2.3.2](http://getbootstrap.com/2.3.2/)
1. [Solarized Light theme](http://ethanschoonover.com/solarized) converted to
   [Pelican Pygments](https://github.com/yuex/pelican-pygments-solarized-css)
   by [yuex 悟道洞穴人](https://github.com/yuex)
