content/Elegant - Pelican Theme/favicons-speed-dial-icons.md, before:

Title: How to set Favicon and Speed Dial icon of your blog
Tags: favicon, pelican-theme
Category: Elegant - Pelican Theme
Date: 2013-11-08 22:42
Slug: how-to-set-favicons-and-speed-dial-icon-of-your-blog
Disqus_identifier: p34md6k-how-to-set-favicons-and-speed-dial-icons-of-your-blog
Subtitle: 
Summary: Elegant Pelican theme supports favicon and speed dial icon for Pelican
    blogs. This article describes how to set up this feature.
Keywords: 

Elegant supports favicon, Apple launcher icon and Opera speed dial icon. These
are disabled by default to avoid unnecessary HTTP requests on sites that do not
use them.

To enable set `USE_FAVICON` in your configuration

    :::python
    USE_FAVICON = True

Place your images in `content/theme/images` directory, and define `STATIC_PATHS`
variable in your configuration

    :::python
    STATIC_PATHS = ['theme/images', 'images']

Your images should have these names,

1. `apple-touch-icon-114x114.png`
1. `apple-touch-icon-144x144.png`
1. `apple-touch-icon-57x57.png`
1. `apple-touch-icon-72x72.png`
1. `apple-touch-icon.png`
1. `favicon.ico`

I recommend using [Iconifier.net](http://iconifier.net/) to generate the set of
images.

Commit message:

Update Shortcut icons article URL and content

content/Elegant - Pelican Theme/favicons-speed-dial-icons.md, after:

Title: How to set Shortcut Icons
Tags: pelican-theme
Category: Elegant - Pelican Theme
Date: 2014-04-24 16:42
Slug: how-to-set-shortcut-icons
Disqus_identifier: x0giyfl-how-to-set-shortcut-icons
Subtitle: 
Summary: Elegant lets you set Favicon, Opera Speed Dial icon, and shortcut
    icons for Apple iOS and Android devices.
Keywords: 

Elegant supports Favicon, Opera Speed Dial, and shortcut or launcher icons on
Apple iOS and Android devices. These are disabled by default to avoid
unnecessary HTTP requests on sites that do not use them.

To enable, set `USE_SHORTCUT_ICONS` in your configuration

    :::python
    USE_SHORTCUT_ICONS = True

Place your images in `content/theme/images` directory, and define `STATIC_PATHS`
variable in your configuration

    :::python
    STATIC_PATHS = ['theme/images', 'images']

Your images should have these names,

1. `apple-touch-icon-152x152.png`
1. `apple-touch-icon-144x144.png`
1. `apple-touch-icon-120x120.png`
1. `apple-touch-icon-114x114.png`
1. `apple-touch-icon-76x76.png`
1. `apple-touch-icon-72x72.png`
1. `apple-touch-icon-57x57.png`
1. `apple-touch-icon.png`
1. `favicon.ico`

I highly recommend you to use [Iconifier.net](http://iconifier.net/) to
generate the set of images.
