content/Elegant - Pelican Theme/misc-features.md, before:

Title: Few more features of Elegant
Tags: pelican-theme
Category: Elegant - Pelican Theme
Date: 2014-04-22 16:23
Slug: few-more-features-of-elegant
Disqus_identifier: c8et6bu-few-more-features-of-elegant
Subtitle: 
Summary: 
Keywords: 

[TOC]

Here are few more features that make Elegant a unique and powerful theme for
Pelican powered blogs.

## Add License to your Site

You can put your license string in `SITE_LICENSE`. It will appear in the footer
of every page of your site. Here is how license of my site looks like,

![onCrashReboot site license](|filename|/images/elegant-theme_license.png)

## Site Subtitle

You can also define `SITE_SUBTITLE`, it appears in the footer, before site
license.

![Site subtitle](|filename|/images/elegant-theme_site-subtitle.png)

## Web Safe Fonts

Elegant uses commonly available typefaces in every style rule. It has a list of
closely matching fonts in the fallback list. For examples Baskerville is the
first choice for headings. But if reader does not have Baskerville installed,
Garamond will be used. If that too fails then Georgia will be used.

Commit message:

Change tags of articles on Elegant

content/Elegant - Pelican Theme/misc-features.md, after:

Title: Few more features of Elegant
Tags: pelican-theme, web-design
Category: Elegant - Pelican Theme
Date: 2014-04-22 16:23
Slug: few-more-features-of-elegant
Disqus_identifier: c8et6bu-few-more-features-of-elegant
Subtitle: 
Summary: Three more features that are unique to Elegant theme
Keywords: 

[TOC]

Here are few more features that make Elegant a unique and powerful theme for
Pelican powered blogs.

## Add License to your Site

You can put your license string in `SITE_LICENSE`. It will appear in the footer
of every page of your site. Here is how license of my site looks like,

![onCrashReboot site license](|filename|/images/elegant-theme_license.png)

## Site Subtitle

You can also define `SITE_SUBTITLE`, it appears in the footer, before site
license.

![Site subtitle](|filename|/images/elegant-theme_site-subtitle.png)

## Web Safe Fonts

Elegant uses commonly available typefaces in every style rule. It has a list of
closely matching fonts in the fallback list. For examples Baskerville is the
first choice for headings. But if reader does not have Baskerville installed,
Garamond will be used. If that too fails then Georgia will be used.
