documentation/content/Contributing/elegant-logo.md, before:

---
Title: Elegant Logo
Date: 2019-07-22 21:17
Slug: elegant-logo
Category: Contributing
Authors: Talha Mansoor
---

Elegant community held a [discussion](https://github.com/Pelican-Elegant/elegant/issues/190) to decide a Logo for the project. We settled on following icon from [Pelican by Smalllike from the Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=pelican&i=2213839).

<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 64 80" x="0px" y="0px" width="250" height="250"><g><path d="M39,25H24V20H35A11.013,11.013,0,0,0,46,9V3a1,1,0,0,0-1-1H19a5.006,5.006,0,0,0-5,5V38A11.013,11.013,0,0,0,25,49h4v7H27a3,3,0,0,0,0,6H37a3,3,0,0,0,0-6H35V49H50V36A11.013,11.013,0,0,0,39,25Zm0,2a8.953,8.953,0,0,1,5.644,2H35v2H46.478a8.962,8.962,0,0,1,1,2H39v2h8.941A8.935,8.935,0,0,1,48,36v1H44v2h4v2H29a3,3,0,0,1-3-3V27Zm-4-9H24V10H43.941A9.01,9.01,0,0,1,35,18ZM24,4H44V8H24ZM16,7a3,3,0,0,1,3-3h3V25H16ZM37,58a1,1,0,0,1,0,2H27a1,1,0,0,1,0-2Zm-4-2H31V49h2Zm15-9H25a9.01,9.01,0,0,1-9-9V27h2v7h2V27h4V38a5.006,5.006,0,0,0,5,5H48Z"/><rect x="18" y="36" width="2" height="2"/><circle cx="20.5" cy="7.5" r="1.5"/></g><text x="0" y="79" fill="#000000" font-size="5px" font-weight="bold" font-family="'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial-Unicode, Arial, Sans-serif">Created by Smalllike</text><text x="0" y="84" fill="#000000" font-size="5px" font-weight="bold" font-family="'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial-Unicode, Arial, Sans-serif">from the Noun Project</text></svg>

Building on top of it, some modifications were made to it using [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/).

<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 67 67" width="250" height="250">
    <rect width="57.681" height="62.899" x="2.802" y="-11.841" ry="0" fill="none"/>
    <rect width="65.83" height="65.83" x=".585" y=".585" ry="2.398" fill="none" stroke="maroon" stroke-width="1.17"/>
    <g transform="translate(2.518 1.626)">
        <path d="M39 25H24v-5h11A11.013 11.013 0 0046 9V3a1 1 0 00-1-1H19a5.006 5.006 0 00-5 5v31a11.013 11.013 0 0011 11h4v7h-2a3 3 0 000 6h10a3 3 0 000-6h-2v-7h15V36a11.013 11.013 0 00-11-11zm0 2a8.953 8.953 0 015.644 2H35v2h11.478a8.962 8.962 0 011 2H39v2h8.941A8.935 8.935 0 0148 36v1h-4v2h4v2H29a3 3 0 01-3-3V27zm-4-9H24v-8h19.941A9.01 9.01 0 0135 18zM24 4h20v4H24zm-8 3a3 3 0 013-3h3v21h-6zm21 51a1 1 0 010 2H27a1 1 0 010-2zm-4-2h-2v-7h2zm15-9H25a9.01 9.01 0 01-9-9V27h2v7h2v-7h4v11a5.006 5.006 0 005 5h19z" fill="#8b0000"/>
        <path d="M18 36h2v2h-2z"/>
        <circle cx="20.5" cy="7.5" r="1.5"/>
    </g>
    <path d="M26.437 7.605V5.578H46.54v4.055H26.437z" fill="#f60"/>
    <path d="M26.437 15.625v-4.066h20.08l-.142.768c-.295 1.594-1.123 3.188-2.318 4.465a9.294 9.294 0 01-4.3 2.613c-.763.216-.916.221-7.05.253l-6.27.033z" fill="#fc0"/>
    <path d="M31.034 42.573c-1.137-.164-2.058-.933-2.45-2.043l-.124-.353-.012-5.77-.012-5.768h6.68c4.323 0 6.854.016 7.173.045 1.68.152 3.39.8 4.668 1.766l.19.144h-9.66v2.04h11.572l.194.308c.195.31.661 1.251.747 1.508l.047.138h-8.53v2.04h4.499c4.244 0 4.5.004 4.527.074.016.041.04.49.054 1l.025.923h-4.044v2.04h4.031v1.955l-9.66-.005c-5.312-.003-9.774-.022-9.915-.042z" stroke="maroon" stroke-width=".043"/>
    <path d="M33.553 54.137v-3.485h1.955v6.969h-1.955zm-4.31 7.426c-.228-.06-.596-.423-.658-.648a.893.893 0 01.054-.682c.107-.229.303-.421.525-.514.112-.047 1.071-.058 5.355-.057 4.97.001 5.226.005 5.387.08.647.296.778 1.177.241 1.62-.32.265-.08.255-5.656.25-3.352-.003-5.138-.02-5.248-.049z" fill="#f60" stroke="maroon" stroke-width=".042"/>
    <path d="M2.306 65.641c-.368-.16-.7-.478-.918-.882l-.174-.324V2.614l.19-.387a1.83 1.83 0 011.044-.914c.452-.161 61.652-.161 62.104 0a1.83 1.83 0 011.044.914l.19.387v61.82l-.174.325c-.223.413-.554.726-.936.885-.27.113-3.443.126-31.194.123-27.422-.003-30.924-.017-31.176-.126zm38.526-2.277c.607-.297 1.086-.772 1.422-1.41.21-.398.228-.502.228-1.322 0-.773-.026-.941-.193-1.277a3.304 3.304 0 00-1.449-1.452c-.534-.263-.55-.265-1.896-.292l-1.358-.027v-6.946h14.977l-.028-7.262c-.027-7.004-.034-7.288-.196-7.99-.505-2.194-1.441-3.938-2.97-5.53-1.094-1.14-3.132-2.357-4.7-2.805-1.558-.445-1.538-.445-10.137-.445h-7.95v-4.928l6.21-.03c5.931-.028 6.243-.036 6.939-.196 3.94-.906 7.003-3.602 8.222-7.24.529-1.58.568-1.944.614-5.791.024-1.924.017-3.67-.014-3.88a1.042 1.042 0 00-.325-.648l-.268-.268H34.35c-15.082 0-14.013-.037-15.144.532-.707.356-1.604 1.2-2.01 1.89a6.506 6.506 0 00-.5 1.139l-.189.606V40.97l.183.824c.489 2.207 1.435 3.997 2.914 5.511 1.509 1.546 3.359 2.587 5.521 3.11.607.146 1.021.17 3.54.202l2.853.037v6.931l-1.396.027c-1.313.025-1.423.04-1.855.242-1.7.797-2.304 2.958-1.254 4.489.357.521.954.967 1.551 1.16.464.15.736.157 6.11.14l5.623-.016z" fill="#fff" stroke="#fff" stroke-width=".08093600000000001"/>
    <path d="M26.5 48.525c-1.283-.147-2.925-.767-4.049-1.53-1.516-1.03-2.8-2.727-3.402-4.497-.47-1.38-.478-1.525-.478-7.973V28.63h1.942v7.04H22.536v-7.04H26.5v5.846c.002 6.462-.004 6.38.519 7.404.604 1.186 1.532 2.001 2.87 2.522l.535.209 10.014.022 10.013.022V48.615l-11.672-.01c-6.42-.006-11.946-.042-12.28-.08zm-3.964-9.903v-1.011H20.513V39.634H22.536zM18.57 17.394c0-10.175-.029-9.59.525-10.425.316-.475.804-.863 1.403-1.115.329-.138.616-.163 2.18-.19l1.8-.03v1.342c0 .739-.033 1.342-.072 1.342-.04 0-.128-.087-.198-.193-.214-.326-.805-.56-1.308-.518-1.841.153-1.884 2.863-.048 3.039.513.05.9-.085 1.234-.429.148-.153.298-.279.331-.28.033 0 .06 3.75.06 8.334v8.335h-5.906z" fill="#fff" stroke="#fff" stroke-width=".08093600000000001"/>
</svg>

The we cleaned it using [svgo](https://github.com/svg/svgo) tool. It reduced file size by around 50%.

```bash
$ svgo -i elegant_logo.svg --pretty

elegant_logo.svg:
Done in 80 ms!
8.029 KiB - 52.5% = 3.815 KiB
```

Then, we converted SVG to PNG using [svgexport](https://github.com/shakiba/svgexport).

```bash
$ svgexport elegant_logo.svg elegant_logo.png 100%
```

The resultant file was around 1MB is size. So we optimized it using [ImageOptim](https://imageoptim.com/mac), which reduced the file size by 98%.

Your can download the files from our Git repository.

<https://github.com/Pelican-Elegant/elegant/tree/master/elegant-logo>

Commit message:

docs(addressing most of the documentation for contributing): rewrite of the contributing documentati
handled most of the articles in the Contribution category, with the exception of a new development
article and the existing travis articles.  these will be rewriten shortly.

fix #463, fix #464

documentation/content/Contributing/elegant-logo.md, after:

---
Title: Elegant Logo
Subtitle:
Slug: elegant-logo
Category: Contributing
Tags:
Date: 2019-07-22 21:17
Summary: This article provides details on how the current Elegant logo was created.
Keywords:
Authors: Talha Mansoor
---

Elegant community held a [discussion](https://github.com/Pelican-Elegant/elegant/issues/190) to decide a Logo for the project. We settled on following icon from [Pelican by Smalllike from the Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com/search/?q=pelican&i=2213839).

<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 64 80" x="0px" y="0px" width="250" height="250"><g><path d="M39,25H24V20H35A11.013,11.013,0,0,0,46,9V3a1,1,0,0,0-1-1H19a5.006,5.006,0,0,0-5,5V38A11.013,11.013,0,0,0,25,49h4v7H27a3,3,0,0,0,0,6H37a3,3,0,0,0,0-6H35V49H50V36A11.013,11.013,0,0,0,39,25Zm0,2a8.953,8.953,0,0,1,5.644,2H35v2H46.478a8.962,8.962,0,0,1,1,2H39v2h8.941A8.935,8.935,0,0,1,48,36v1H44v2h4v2H29a3,3,0,0,1-3-3V27Zm-4-9H24V10H43.941A9.01,9.01,0,0,1,35,18ZM24,4H44V8H24ZM16,7a3,3,0,0,1,3-3h3V25H16ZM37,58a1,1,0,0,1,0,2H27a1,1,0,0,1,0-2Zm-4-2H31V49h2Zm15-9H25a9.01,9.01,0,0,1-9-9V27h2v7h2V27h4V38a5.006,5.006,0,0,0,5,5H48Z"/><rect x="18" y="36" width="2" height="2"/><circle cx="20.5" cy="7.5" r="1.5"/></g><text x="0" y="79" fill="#000000" font-size="5px" font-weight="bold" font-family="'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial-Unicode, Arial, Sans-serif">Created by Smalllike</text><text x="0" y="84" fill="#000000" font-size="5px" font-weight="bold" font-family="'Helvetica Neue', Helvetica, Arial-Unicode, Arial, Sans-serif">from the Noun Project</text></svg>

Building on top of it, some modifications were made to it using [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/).

<svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 67 67" width="250" height="250">
    <rect width="57.681" height="62.899" x="2.802" y="-11.841" ry="0" fill="none"/>
    <rect width="65.83" height="65.83" x=".585" y=".585" ry="2.398" fill="none" stroke="maroon" stroke-width="1.17"/>
    <g transform="translate(2.518 1.626)">
        <path d="M39 25H24v-5h11A11.013 11.013 0 0046 9V3a1 1 0 00-1-1H19a5.006 5.006 0 00-5 5v31a11.013 11.013 0 0011 11h4v7h-2a3 3 0 000 6h10a3 3 0 000-6h-2v-7h15V36a11.013 11.013 0 00-11-11zm0 2a8.953 8.953 0 015.644 2H35v2h11.478a8.962 8.962 0 011 2H39v2h8.941A8.935 8.935 0 0148 36v1h-4v2h4v2H29a3 3 0 01-3-3V27zm-4-9H24v-8h19.941A9.01 9.01 0 0135 18zM24 4h20v4H24zm-8 3a3 3 0 013-3h3v21h-6zm21 51a1 1 0 010 2H27a1 1 0 010-2zm-4-2h-2v-7h2zm15-9H25a9.01 9.01 0 01-9-9V27h2v7h2v-7h4v11a5.006 5.006 0 005 5h19z" fill="#8b0000"/>
        <path d="M18 36h2v2h-2z"/>
        <circle cx="20.5" cy="7.5" r="1.5"/>
    </g>
    <path d="M26.437 7.605V5.578H46.54v4.055H26.437z" fill="#f60"/>
    <path d="M26.437 15.625v-4.066h20.08l-.142.768c-.295 1.594-1.123 3.188-2.318 4.465a9.294 9.294 0 01-4.3 2.613c-.763.216-.916.221-7.05.253l-6.27.033z" fill="#fc0"/>
    <path d="M31.034 42.573c-1.137-.164-2.058-.933-2.45-2.043l-.124-.353-.012-5.77-.012-5.768h6.68c4.323 0 6.854.016 7.173.045 1.68.152 3.39.8 4.668 1.766l.19.144h-9.66v2.04h11.572l.194.308c.195.31.661 1.251.747 1.508l.047.138h-8.53v2.04h4.499c4.244 0 4.5.004 4.527.074.016.041.04.49.054 1l.025.923h-4.044v2.04h4.031v1.955l-9.66-.005c-5.312-.003-9.774-.022-9.915-.042z" stroke="maroon" stroke-width=".043"/>
    <path d="M33.553 54.137v-3.485h1.955v6.969h-1.955zm-4.31 7.426c-.228-.06-.596-.423-.658-.648a.893.893 0 01.054-.682c.107-.229.303-.421.525-.514.112-.047 1.071-.058 5.355-.057 4.97.001 5.226.005 5.387.08.647.296.778 1.177.241 1.62-.32.265-.08.255-5.656.25-3.352-.003-5.138-.02-5.248-.049z" fill="#f60" stroke="maroon" stroke-width=".042"/>
    <path d="M2.306 65.641c-.368-.16-.7-.478-.918-.882l-.174-.324V2.614l.19-.387a1.83 1.83 0 011.044-.914c.452-.161 61.652-.161 62.104 0a1.83 1.83 0 011.044.914l.19.387v61.82l-.174.325c-.223.413-.554.726-.936.885-.27.113-3.443.126-31.194.123-27.422-.003-30.924-.017-31.176-.126zm38.526-2.277c.607-.297 1.086-.772 1.422-1.41.21-.398.228-.502.228-1.322 0-.773-.026-.941-.193-1.277a3.304 3.304 0 00-1.449-1.452c-.534-.263-.55-.265-1.896-.292l-1.358-.027v-6.946h14.977l-.028-7.262c-.027-7.004-.034-7.288-.196-7.99-.505-2.194-1.441-3.938-2.97-5.53-1.094-1.14-3.132-2.357-4.7-2.805-1.558-.445-1.538-.445-10.137-.445h-7.95v-4.928l6.21-.03c5.931-.028 6.243-.036 6.939-.196 3.94-.906 7.003-3.602 8.222-7.24.529-1.58.568-1.944.614-5.791.024-1.924.017-3.67-.014-3.88a1.042 1.042 0 00-.325-.648l-.268-.268H34.35c-15.082 0-14.013-.037-15.144.532-.707.356-1.604 1.2-2.01 1.89a6.506 6.506 0 00-.5 1.139l-.189.606V40.97l.183.824c.489 2.207 1.435 3.997 2.914 5.511 1.509 1.546 3.359 2.587 5.521 3.11.607.146 1.021.17 3.54.202l2.853.037v6.931l-1.396.027c-1.313.025-1.423.04-1.855.242-1.7.797-2.304 2.958-1.254 4.489.357.521.954.967 1.551 1.16.464.15.736.157 6.11.14l5.623-.016z" fill="#fff" stroke="#fff" stroke-width=".08093600000000001"/>
    <path d="M26.5 48.525c-1.283-.147-2.925-.767-4.049-1.53-1.516-1.03-2.8-2.727-3.402-4.497-.47-1.38-.478-1.525-.478-7.973V28.63h1.942v7.04H22.536v-7.04H26.5v5.846c.002 6.462-.004 6.38.519 7.404.604 1.186 1.532 2.001 2.87 2.522l.535.209 10.014.022 10.013.022V48.615l-11.672-.01c-6.42-.006-11.946-.042-12.28-.08zm-3.964-9.903v-1.011H20.513V39.634H22.536zM18.57 17.394c0-10.175-.029-9.59.525-10.425.316-.475.804-.863 1.403-1.115.329-.138.616-.163 2.18-.19l1.8-.03v1.342c0 .739-.033 1.342-.072 1.342-.04 0-.128-.087-.198-.193-.214-.326-.805-.56-1.308-.518-1.841.153-1.884 2.863-.048 3.039.513.05.9-.085 1.234-.429.148-.153.298-.279.331-.28.033 0 .06 3.75.06 8.334v8.335h-5.906z" fill="#fff" stroke="#fff" stroke-width=".08093600000000001"/>
</svg>

The we cleaned it using [svgo](https://github.com/svg/svgo) tool. It reduced file size by around 50%.

```bash
$ svgo -i elegant_logo.svg --pretty

elegant_logo.svg:
Done in 80 ms!
8.029 KiB - 52.5% = 3.815 KiB
```

Then, we converted SVG to PNG using [svgexport](https://github.com/shakiba/svgexport).

```bash
$ svgexport elegant_logo.svg elegant_logo.png 100%
```

The resultant file was around 1MB is size. So we optimized it using [ImageOptim](https://imageoptim.com/mac), which reduced the file size by 98%.

Your can download the files from our Git repository.

<https://github.com/Pelican-Elegant/elegant/tree/master/elegant-logo>
